Add attributes `targetTypeQuery` and `targetTypeMutation` on `@Provider` (#749)
overblog/GraphQLBundle: docs/annotations/annotations-reference.md

## @Mutation

This annotation applies on methods for classes tagged with the `@Provider` annotation. It indicates that the method on this class will resolve a Mutation field.  

> The corresponding GraphQL field is added to the GraphQL type(s) following the logic :
> - The type(s) specified in the `targetType` attribute of the `@Mutation` annotation if it defined.  
>   or
> - The type(s) specified in the `targetTypeMutation` attribute of the `@Provider` annotation if it is defined.  
>   or
> - The root Query type of the default schema (define in configuration at key `overblog_graphql.definitions.schema.mutation` or `overblog_graphql.definitions.schema.default.mutation`).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The corresponding GraphQL field is added to the GraphQL type(s) following the logic:
- The type(s) specified in the `targetType` attribute of the `@Mutation` annotation if it's defined.  
  or
- The type(s) specified in the `targetTypeMutation` attribute of the `@Provider` annotation if it's defined.  
  or
- The root Query type of the default schema (defined in configuration at key `overblog_graphql.definitions.schema.mutation` or `overblog_graphql.definitions.schema.default.mutation`).  
```

Optional attributes:

-   **prefix**: A prefix to apply to all field names from this provider

> -   **targetTypeQuery**: The default GraphQL type(s) to attach the provider `@Query` to
> -   **targetTypeMutation**: The default GraphQL type(s) to attach the provider `@Mutation` to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **targetQueryTypes**: The default GraphQL type(s) to attach the provider `@Query` to
-   **targetMutytionTypes**: The default GraphQL type(s) to attach the provider `@Mutation` to
```

Optional attributes:

> -   **prefix** : A prefix to apply to all field names from this provider
> -   **targetTypeQuery** : The default GraphQL type(s) to attach the provider `@Query` to
> -   **targetTypeMutation** : The default GraphQL type(s) to attach the provider `@Mutation` to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **prefix**: A prefix to apply to all field names from this provider
-   **targetTypeQuery**: The default GraphQL type(s) to attach the provider `@Query` to
-   **targetTypeMutation**: The default GraphQL type(s) to attach the provider `@Mutation` to
```

## @Query

This annotation applies on methods for classes tagged with the `@Provider` annotation. It indicates that on this class a method will resolve a Query field.  

> The corresponding GraphQL field is added to the GraphQL type(s) following the logic :
> - The type(s) specified in the `targetType` attribute of the `@Query` annotation if it defined.  
>   or
> - The type(s) specified in the `targetTypeQuery` attribute of the `@Provider` annotation if it is defined.  
>   or
> - The root Query type of the default schema (define in configuration at key `overblog_graphql.definitions.schema.query` or `overblog_graphql.definitions.schema.default.query`).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The corresponding GraphQL field is added to the GraphQL type(s) following the logic:
- The type(s) specified in the `targetType` attribute of the `@Query` annotation if it's defined.  
  or
- The type(s) specified in the `targetTypeQuery` attribute of the `@Provider` annotation if it's defined.  
  or
- The root Query type of the default schema (defined in configuration at key `overblog_graphql.definitions.schema.query` or `overblog_graphql.definitions.schema.default.query`).  
```
